[v1.15.x] Backport docs (#9499) (#9566)
solo-io/gloo: docs/content/introduction/faq.md

description: Frequently Asked Questions
---

This page covers some of the high-level questions commonly asked in community meetings, on Solo's [public slack](https://slack.solo.io), or in [GitHub issues](https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/issues).

## Questions about Gloo Edge as a product {#product}

> Gloo Edge is an API Gateway built on top of [Envoy Proxy](https://envoyproxy.io) that comes with a simple yet powerful control plane for managing Envoy as an edge ingress, API Gateway, or service proxy. Gloo Edge's control plane is built on a plugin model that enables extension and customization depending on your environment and comes with an out of the box Discovery plugin that can discover services running VMs, registered in Consul, running in Kubernetes, or deployed on a public cloud including Functions running in a Cloud Functions environment.  The Envoy community moves fast and no two operational environments are identical, so we built Gloo Edge with this flexibility in mind.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Gloo Edge is an API Gateway built on top of [Envoy Proxy](https://envoyproxy.io) that comes with a simple yet powerful control plane for managing Envoy as an edge ingress, API Gateway, or service proxy. Gloo Edge's control plane is built on a plugin model that enables extension and customization depending on your environment and comes with an out of the box Discovery plugin that can automatically discover various types of services, such as services on VMs, Consul, and Kubernetes, or services that   are deployed on a public cloud including Functions that run in a Cloud Functions environment.  The Envoy community moves fast and no two operational environments are identical, so we built Gloo Edge with this flexibility in mind.
```

Author: updated in `doc-fixes` branch on main: https://github.com/solo-io/gloo/commit/f9bb62a32ae593004cad5142907ea83f83587e3d
